this video is sponsored by curiositystream get
access to my streaming video service nebula when
you sign up for curiosity stream using the link in
the description curiosity stream is a subscription
streaming service with thousands of documentaries
and non-fiction titles interested in the science
of how personality and mental disorders develop
over a lifetime curious minds brain health
teams up with neurologists and neuroscientists to
explore how recent advancements in technology have
helped medical professionals diagnose describe
and treat some of the common disorders discussed
in this video curiosity stream is normally
$19.99 a year, but if you go to curiositystream.com/lindsay
and use the code lindsay it's only $14.79
for the year, and you get access to our streaming
service nebula so go to curiositystream.com/lindsay use the code which is also just my name
and in the meantime loki
I'm asking for safepassage through the anus
so the mcu's hop to TV  sure has been preoccupied with mentalhealth, huh?
james why does sam aggravate you and don't say something childish
first we had trauma as manifested by
sci-fi magic and wanda vision look we've all
been there right letting our fear and anger
get the best of us intentionally expanding
the borders of the false world we created
then we had ptsd and more trauma and lots of
therapy with falcon and the winter soldier look
you've got to nurture friendships i am the only
person you have called all week that is so sad
but then we took an interesting
turn into a mental disorder that
is extremely popular as a character trait,
but rarely discussed in fiction with loki
i'm a narcissist then of course there's all
this discourse reacting to the text of the show
is loki a narcissist?
what a incredible seismicnarcissist
narcissism or narcissistic personality
disorders is one of the more common personality
disorders so it is kind of surprising that it is
so widely misunderstood especially in light of
other mental illnesses like bipolar disorder or
borderline personality disorder or ptsd gaining
much wider awareness in the last two decades most
people don't seem to have a lot of interest in
it outside of demonizing it usually because they
know a narcissist or several and the perception
of what npd is is basically that of a psychopath
with particularly high self-esteem narcissists
are primarily defined by their lack of empathy
you know what happens when someone upsets me
See how I glitter!
so there are so many fictional narcissists in
media narcissists make great antagonists
and often sometimes even fun protagonists
it's fun to watch characters who are blind
to their own faults and lack self-awareness
something less conspicuous processing
why am i so amazing?
in comedies narcissists arewell comedy gold because we get to enjoy the
juxtaposition of how they see themselves versus
the reality of how other people see them you know
desire smells like that to some people what is
that it smells like a turd covered in burnt hair
the mcu has several prominent characters to
which the word narcissist has been applied
obviously loki is up there then of course
there's thanos thanos exercises power to
wipe out half the universe because he believes he
is the only one with the right solution to what
he sees as a sickness and of course he sees
his children as an extension of himself and
loves them if you're saying i play favorites
you're wrong i love all my children equally
i don't care for nebula
loves them extremelyconditionally
in order to take the stone
you must lose that which you love
youfailed because you love nothing no one
hell one of the main characters
of the mcu tony stark
debatably tiptoes up to the line of qualifyingfor the disorder
it is one thing to question the
official story and another thing entirely to
make wild accusations or insinuate that i'm a
superhero i never said you're a superhero didn't
well good because that would be outlandish and
uh fantastic
in order to better understand whatthe disorder is before we get into loki let's
walk through what might qualify someone for having
npd using everyone's favorite narcissistic mother
lucille bluth
everything they do is so dramaticand flamboyant it just makes me want to set
myself on fire
narcissistic personality disorderis defined by the presence of at least five of
the following nine criteria a grandiose sense ofself-importance
what the hell was i supposed to do?
michael moore confronted me in front of the whole country
first of all it wasn't michael moore it
was a michael moore look alike and it wasn't
in front of the whole country it was for a bit
on jimmy kimmel live
i don't know who that isand i don't care to find out
a preoccupation
with fantasies of unlimited success powerbrilliance beauty or ideal love
tell me the truth
okay cause there's been a lot of lying in thisfamily
and a lot of love
a belief that he or she
is special and unique and can only be understood
by or should associate with other special or high
status people or institutions
are you aware thatwe've been downgraded to being just pool members
at the club now?
yeah it's a real shame what'sgoing on with this family you're stuck by the
pool and dad's getting picked last for softball
a need for excessive admiration
it's not just
mother boy it's mother motherboy30 and i think
with you i've got a shot
a sense of entitlement
what's spanish for i know you speak english
interpersonally exploitative behavior
did you and dad adopt a child?
he must have forgedmy signature
well maybe i'll get a son who will
finish his cottage cheese
a lack of empathy
I want to cry so bad but i don't think i can spare
the moisture
one lousy ci--
oh honey they'rejust heels they can only support so much weight
envy of others or a belief that others are envious of him or her
she's trying to prove that she's
closer to my children than i am but the joke's
on her because she doesn't know how little i care
for GOB
a demonstration of arrogant and haughtybehaviors or attitudes
take it back if i wanted
something your thumb touched i'd eat the insideof your ear
so these are just the DSM criteria
but there are many more behaviors and symptomsassociated with the disorder
i know when i'm
not wanted
narcissists don't feel responsible fortheir own conduct but they will always hold others
accountable for any transgression real or imagined
narcissists have an almost comically short memory
for their own behaviors and will frequently
rewrite history to suit their own narrative
i put the fires out
you made them worse
worseor better?
narcissists are also perpetual victims
they often use the language of social justice to
reassure others that their victimhood is quitereal
that palace you live in up there on that
hill i gave my life to my children on a silverplatter
the admiration of others is a salve to
shield them from the perception of vulnerability
it's important to remember that victimhood
and vulnerability are not the same thing
i was the world's nicest guy and they ruined my
life for no reason. see just like i said i'm thevictim here
but while narcissists frequently frame
themselves as the victims of injustice they tend
to be outraged when other people claim victimhood
especially when it counters their own narrative
you are fake crying that is not real
as a victimof abuse myself
oh my god you are so manipulative
god oh my god i was molested i have been oh my god
But learned i am an empath right
narcissists also aren't capable of love
in the way that neurotypical people are
which is why it's so hard for the children of
narcissists to admit that their parents are in
fact narcissists because it's difficult to accept
that your parent doesn't really love you in a way
that a parent should because narcissistic parents
don't see their children as autonomous people
but as extensions of themselves
i see a strongconfident beautiful young lady oh look you'rehere too
i'm just teasing stop taking everythingso seriously.
Narcissists seek affection and approval
but remain indifferent to any harm they themselves
cause interpersonal boundaries to a narcissist are
a form of abuse
after everything i've done foryou
that i didn't ask for
do you have any idea
of the work you're undoing
love to a narcissistisn't caring for another person's emotional needs
but controlling them
suddenly he's too much ofa big shot to brush mother's hair
well i'm not--
now with all that said, there are a lot of common
misconceptions of narcissism the first is that all
narcissists are extremely self-confident
they'reall so beautiful. why don't i have three heads?
this is not true what appears as confidence is
often a thin veneer hiding feelings of shame
self-doubt and self-hatred obsessive
self-loathing is a form of narcissism
narcissists are usually oblivious to hurt they
cause others often hurtful behavior is just
collateral damage to having their emotionalneeds met
i do everything i can to help you
and all you can do is drink and talk nonsense andfrighten me
go back to bed
narcissists are evil
i told dwight that there is honor and losing
which as we all know is completely ridiculous but
there is however honor in making a loser feel
better which is what i just did for dwight
the reality is that narcissists may behave in
hurtful ways but they are not inherently evil
would i rather be feared or loved um easy both i
want people to be afraid of how much they love me
narcissistic personality disorder does not
implicate any kind of off-kilter moral barometer
there is nothing wrong with a narcissist's impulse
control or their ability to tell right from wrong
quite the opposite in some ways narcissists
are not only able to discern right from wrong
they for the most part want to do right
again because they want to be liked
for me to be attracted to a woman she has to
be as intelligent or slightly less intelligent
than me she is you know
narcissists all comefrom a background of privilege people have a
very specific idea that narcissists come from
a certain background they are privileged they
come from wealth and power and that is sometimes
true but anyone from any background can develop
the disorder although there is no one cause for
narcissism it rarely emerges in people who come
from stable loving families
i'd rather smotherthem with a pillow than take them to nevada
always with the drama
it is often the result oftrauma or emotional neglect and for those who
perceive wealth and power the wealth and power
is used to shield an incredibly fragile ego
you clearly don't know who you're talking to so
let me clue you in i am not in danger skyler i am
the danger a guy opens his door and gets shot
and you think that of me no i am the one whoknocks
but one of the more common misconceptions
is the conflation of narcissism with psychopathy
this idea that narcissists don't experience hurt
or pain or even their own you know version of love
narcissists especially female narcissists actually
live in a constant state of anxiety and boy do
they want you to know that
hope you have childrenof your own and they treat you like this
I gave my life to my children on a silver platterthis is bullsh*t
so here's why narcissists aren't
just psychopaths with high self-esteem psychopaths
don't really care what other people think of them
they don't care about their lives and they don't
experience empathy where a narcissist is defined
by a preoccupation with what other people think
of them they are constantly reshaping themselves
to fit whatever mold they think will servethem best
i'm prison mike you know why they
call me prison mike?
do you really expect us tobelieve you're somebody else?
do you really expect me
to not push you up against a wall biot--
some narcissists do this by being charming
i am a writer a doctor a nuclear physicist a
theoretical philosopher but above all i am a man
hopelessly inquisitive man justlike you
some by being manipulative
tears aren't a woman's only weapon
some by beingcontrolling and some downright authoritarian
it's the unspoken truth of humanity that you cravesubjugation
but a true narcissist doesn't live in
a state of cold self-assuredness rather they live
in a constant state of anxiety and hyper vigilance
you don't know what goes through thismind of mine
well that's for f*****g sure
but narcissism in itself is not unhealthy there
is what is called healthy narcissism and it is
healthy to exhibit some narcissistic traits you
do actually need some narcissism for a healthy
functioning psyche and that is the sort of thing
that lets you stand up for yourself when you're
being treated unfairly
i am a khaleesi of thedothraki the next time you raise a hand to me
will be the last time you have hands
so with allthat groundwork out of the way the big question
is loki a narcissist?
sorry about that time iturned you into a frog
it was a wonderful joke
it was indeed hilarious
well depends on whichloki the most lovable version of loki the loki
from thor ragnarok
i have been falling for 30minutes
is probably the most narcissistic the
movie begins with him watching a play glorifying
his part in the previous film
i'm sorry about that
thing with the tesseract i just couldn't helpmyself i'm a trickster
yes, just so mischievous
he spends the entire movie caring not at all about
thor or whatever is going on in sakhar feels
no empathy for thor when he's getting the sh*t
kicked out of him in fact enjoys it as a form of retribution
that's how it feels!
i'm just a huge fan of the sport
and inthe end any altruistic action he takes
is ultimately because it's the best action
for him
suddenly you're overcome with an
urge to do the right thing
heavens no i'verun out of favor with the grand master
and in exchange for codes and access to a ship
i'm asking for safe passage through the anus
and sure he saves the day at the end but not out
of a sense of empathy but out of the you know
correct sense that this path is the one that will
get him the most adulation
your savior is here
contrast this with the loki in loki he displays
narcissistic traits but basically completely
falls short of having the disorder in the very
first episode
i don't enjoy hurting people
i do it because i have to because i've had to it's
the cruel elaborate trick conjured by the weak to
inspire fear
the desperate play for control
heloves his mother not as an extension of himself
but for her own sake and is protective of hersafety
where is she?
now why don't you tell me do
you enjoy hurting people do you enjoy killing
i'll kill you
what like you did your mother
sylvia is self-taught but loki
someone taughtyou fairly decent magic
my mother
then there'sthe interaction with sif where he comes to a
conclusion about his personal failings on his own
i crave attention because i'm
i'm a narcissist it's because
i'm scared of being alone
a true narcissist would continue to deflect
blame when confronted with all the timeline
stuff he had in store for him he wouldn't
accept responsibility and he certainly wouldn't
have an honest come to jesus moment after being
punched in the head 400 times by the same person
i'm a narcissist
he might say somethingmanipulative to get her to stop hitting
but the Sif time loop would not bring about
an honest moment of self-reflection in a true
narcissist again narcissists are eternal
victims they are pathologically incapable
of self-reflection if it doesn't come from
an outside source that they care about
also vulnerability is anathema to a narcissist but
loki allows himself to be vulnerable several times
most relevant to the discussion in the discourse
and indeed in the show itself is what he sees in
sylvie his alternate universe self specifically in
the moments before he thinks they're both about todie
you were just a child when the tva took you
but you nearly took down the organization that
claims to govern the order of time you did it on
your own you ran rings around them you're amazing
clearly there are elements of him looking at her
and seeing aspects of what he could have been
but ultimately the virtues that he appreciates
in sylvie aren't really virtues that he
shares a common tactic when narcissists compliment
other people is that they are really complimenting
themselves but loki isn't doing that here
like they're variations on the same person
but they are still two completely different people
the contradiction of loki as a show is that much
of the tension comes from loki's history of
narcissism his history of narcissism is what
makes him the most likely in the room to betrayanyone at any given point
you're really good at
doing awful things and then just getting away
whatcan i say i'm a mischievous scamp
while at the same
time most likely to do whatever it takes to be
liked or gain power there's this constant tension
of will he betray mobius will he betray sylvie
oh mobius come on what could possibly go wrong we
got to properly test this theory
well here's a funtheory you lure me out into the field and then you
stab me in the back and that's a theory i don'twant to test
i can't sleep in a place like this
you can't sleep on a train?
no i can'tsleep around untrustworthy people
but in the end aside from a couple of very
justified moments of self-preservation the
loki in the tv show betrays nobody six episodes
nary a betrayal that wasn't earned
i'm staying
which is why the ending sylvie's assumption
that he intends to betray her while the rando
at the end of time chews the scenery makes
the conclusion of the show ring kind of hollow
you want the throne
no
no sylvie this doesnot comport with the person that you have been
interacting with during this series
that's whatyou think of me after all this time sure why not
evil loki's master plan comes together
becausethe loki you have been interacting with never
acted like a self-serving narcissist he's actually
pretty self-sacrificial you've both risked your
life for each other several times by now
loki idon't even know if this is going to work
you go, I go.
it's almost like you've been
watching all the movies we saw before
so from movie to movie to tv show i think it's
fair to say that loki's writing is inconsistent
npd is not a disorder that you can character arc
your way out of by definition it is incurable
so if you want to incorporate the loki of disney+
loki into loki's greater journey but i don't
think he's badly written but he's not an honest
portrayal of a narcissist ten is a true narcissist
i give him a seven maybe an eight
absolutelynot this is fine asgardian leather
but this is not to say that the mcu doesn't have anything
meaningful to say about narcissism the best most
honest portrayal in the mcu of a narcissist isnot loki nor is it thanos but
my name is ego
and i'm your dad peter
uh oh have we found an excuseto fawn over guardians of the galaxy vol 2 again
yes yes yes yes we have
i thought yondu wasyour father you look exactly alike
one's blue
so in a lot of ways guardians of the galaxy vol 2
is the rare movie that makes the first one better
in retrospect a lot of the boomer nostalgia
from the first movie that just felt kind of
random and atmospheric and maybe a littlepandery
ooh child things will get brighter
and bring it down hard
now with the context ofthe second movie feels a lot more thoughtful
take for instance the soundtracks and the song
in guardians 2 that serves as a through line
you know uh brandy by looking glass
on first blushwhen we first meet cgi de-aged kurt russell and
peter's mom you're like yeah that's a fun 70s love
song how quaint i will take one nostalgia please
but as the movie unfolds the ugly
undertones become more and more apparent
you know peter you and i we're we're the sailorin that song
the sailor in the song doesn't
care about brandy at all he's all about his own
pleasure his own goals and he frames it like it's
a good fun thing
Sea calls upon him as history callsupon great men
there is zero remorse in the song
which is why ego is drawn to it and to a certain
extent peter
It was one of earth's greatest musical
compositions perhaps its very greatest
yeah yes
guardians 2 is about family comma what makes one
but largely it's also about how ego negatively
affects relationships both the literal character
ego and the concept of narcissism itself
theytold me you people were conceited douche bags
but that isn't true at all
rocket stealsbatteries because the sovereign offended
his ego the sovereign's motivation for revenge
throughout the entire movie is ego
our concernis their slight against our people
peter androcket nearly kill everybody trying to prove
that they are the superior pilot ego
peter wealmost died because of your arrogance
so ego operates as the perfect portrait of a
narcissist he can't understand other
people's motivations that don't directly servehim
but instead of returning you yondu kept you
i have no clue as to why
and challengingquestions that center other people's needs
why didn't you come back why did you send yondu
a criminal of all people to come
well we're just
gonna change the subject
i've made many mistakespeter but you're not one of them there's so much
that i need to teach you about this planet
but atthe same time ego is also good at charming people
and with peter he's good at giving peter
validation that feels like validation but
really it's just ego complimenting himself
andwho the hell are you
i figured my rugged good
looks would make that obvious
i can explain yourvery special heritage
out of all my spawn only you
carry the connection to the light
but most of allhe sees everyone as either an extension of himself
or a potential extension of himself peter
is valuable to him when peter is willing to
perform that role but the second he behavesautonomously
you really need to grow up
but like ego peter is also extremely narcissistic
that's why he nearly falls for ego's plan
it's because that place was real and this isa fantasy
i get it you're jealous because i'm
part god and you like when i'm the weak one
ego tells him he is special he's powerful
and without the planet that is ego he's notspecial anymore
you are a god if you kill me
you'll be just like everybodyelse
peter's narcissism is the
main thing getting in the way with his
relationship with gamora because well
she's already lived through escaping one
narcissist in her life so her hesitation is very
understandable this is why i hate infinity war
anyway this line for instance
you know what this
is not cheers after all
i don't know what cheersis
it's played for laughs but it's very revealing
he's whining about his needs and he doesn't even
care that she doesn't know what he's talking about
my life my love my lady is the sea
there's a lotof heavy stuff in this movie that is couched in
comedy arguably by necessity because if you
seriously mull on what's happening in certainscenes
yondu is the guy who abducted me kicked
the crap out of me so i could learn to fight and
kept me in terror by threatening to eat me
it'sactually pretty disturbing
you said you weregonna eat me
that was being funny
not to me
but the other side of the coin to the effects of the
narcissistic parent is mantis who is functionallyalso ego's child
he raised me by hand and kept me
as his own
so you're a pet
i suppose
mantisis an empath
because you're empathic
so i'm anempath i've heard that before i've learned i aman empath right
No, Shane like a real one.
Empaths feel feelings
particularly relevant becausenarcissists prey on other people's empathy
children of narcissistic parents frequently learn
to shapeshift as a survival mechanism the first
thing mantis does in the film is laugh at drax's
practical joke even though she clearly hates it
that is called a practical joke
children of narcissists tend to either be
pathological pleasers or very cold they either
exhaust themselves in a lifetime of trying toplease the unpleasable
As a child my father would have
gamora and me better one another in training every
time my sister prevailed my father would replace a
piece of me with machinery
Or they stonewalleveryone they enter an intimate relationship
with every time there's conflict so a lot of
mantis's scenes are couched in comedy because
she is deeply traumatized so a lot of the
expression of her trauma is framed for laughsbecause
this gross bug lady is my new friend
i'm learning many things like i'm a pet and ugly
otherwise it would be a bit too heavy in a movielike this
i'm Mary Poppins y'all!
so given the way
the mcu utilizes narcissists/protagonists
who while not being narcissistic to the point of
disorder are extremely narcissistic there is a
success here we love narcissistic characters we
see the narcissism of the protagonist in ourselves
and the narcissism of the villains is just fun to
watch they are memorable
i am a god you dullcreature and i will not be bullied by a--
so it's interesting to me that we hate irl
narcissists so much why is that? in some
ways it's the same reason why addicts loathe
alcoholics or why people with anger issues
loathe domestic abusers we hate the most in
others the thing we fear the most in ourselves
so the funny thing about loki is we loved loki the
narcissist as long as the word narcissist wasn't
trotted out because the moment it is trotted out
what a incredible seismic narcissist
he has to
stop being a narcissist in order to remain likable
and then suddenly he's mr empathy his behavior is
no longer disordered but relatable he's no longer
a narcissist but wrestling with his own narcissism
this isn't about you
that said it's reallycommon for people to talk about having been in
relationships with people with other personality
disorders and maybe it was extremely difficult but
they don't talk about those people in terms of
a condition that must be fundamentally avoided
it's framed as a mental illness so
why don't we talk about narcissists
in the same way why are narcissists always
spiders who capture people in their web
rather than people with behavioral disorders that
don't have the tools to manage their disorder the
worst thing about narcissists isn't that they're
narcissists most of them want to be good people
they thrive off validation the worst thing about
narcissists is they never seek treatment for their
condition because they don't want the stigma of
being a narcissist so therefore they never admit
that they are and they never stop hurting the
people that they care about you know in their way
this is especially true for
narcissistic parents of adult children
why did you adopt me?
because i wantedsomeone to love
don't you act for me
again this is a really common thing children
of narcissists will notice about their parents
they believe they're good people doing the right
thing and they just don't understand why their
children don't want to talk to them no matter
how many times their children have explained it
both yondu and ego were sh*t parents ego the
narcissist and yondu the abusive and neglectful
adoptive father but in the end one
of them was able to see their child
as more than just an extension of themselves
and that is what sets him apart as a parent
i'm sorry i didn't do none of it right i'm damnlucky you're my boy
so fictional narcissists
occupy an interesting space with regard to the
way we engage with real life narcissists frost
giants and mad titans and living planets aren't
real but people with narcissistic personality
disorder are and according to some studies up
to five percent of all humans have narcissistic
personality disorder a lot of people claim to
have narcissistic parents not because it's trendy
well not just because it's trendy but also just
because it's a really common disorder so what have
we learned from these fictional examples of how to
deal with narcissists well either they character
arc their way into a cure or we kill them a
narcissist can't cure their condition in the same
way that someone with less stigmatized disorders
like major depression or borderline personality
disorder or bipolar disorder can't cure theirs but
that doesn't mean they can't evolve or improve as
people it's not curable but it is treatable and
the hardest hurdle here is usually to get the
narcissist to want treatment in the first place so
aside from a pretty disappointing last episode i
really did enjoy loki and i don't want to imply
that the show is a failure because it made him
less narcissistic in the service of making him
more likeable i just think that result is a show
that doesn't have a lot to say about narcissism
despite trying to and it leaves me wondering
is it even possible to destigmatize narcissistic
personality disorder in the way that things like
bipolar disorder or major depression have lost
their stigma in the last few decades and if so
what would that look like disney is an evil
mega hydra that is rapidly covering the land
in darkness but there is something to be said
for the fact that not only do they feel safe
making these narratives but that they've turned
them into some of the most popular television
of the streaming era so far i didn't really
touch on falcon and the winter soldier because
honestly i thought it was pretty boring
but i do think it's worth mentioning
that this is the only one of these series that
integrates any discussion on therapy or how to
live with mental illness which loki doesn't
because you know it's not that kind of show
not every piece of media that deals with
mental illness needs to integrate some
portion about like medication or therapy
or whatever
are you still having nightmares
no
but if you look at these three and howthey all take such different approaches
to exploring mental illness through
fiction it's interesting that this is
such a through line with the new directionmarvel is going
ask your doctor about nexus
a unique antidepressant that works to anchor you
back to your reality or the reality of your choice
side effects include feeling your feelings
confronting your truth seizing your destiny
and possibly more depression
right now it'sless here is the conflict and more how did the
conflict shape these characters which does kind
of become a problem with shows like WandaVision
where in the end we still kind of have to punch
our way out of the conflict but whatever it's
been nominated for like 80 emmys clearly they're
doing something right
and i killed sparky too
so i don't want to give disney too much credit
here but i think there is some value to these pop
culture artifacts designed for mass consumption
normalizing these discussions because i've seen
it help a lot of people find the language for
their own traumas or even in the case of loki
their own relationship to their own narcissism
that maybe they haven't really processed yet and i
can only surmise that you guys are hungry for more
content about toxic narcissistic parents so smooth
so my first book axioms end is a kindle deal of
the month uh it's only $2.99 on amazon for the
entire months of september it also just
came out in paperback here's the paperback
i treat my books very well and if you want
to know how this ties in with the theme of
narcissistic parents well i guess you'll just have
to read it to find out and if you're into exploring
trauma using science fiction and aliens and stuff
my second book comes out on october 12th this is
not the final version so i'm allowed to abuse
this one this is an advanced reader copy
they throw these in the recycling once the real
book comes out anyway you can pre-order signed
copies of that in the link below but maybe you're
just not satisfied you need more content you're
insatiable and maybe you're wondering where do i
keep all my videos that are too spicy for youtube
well that's where nebula comes in i have several
video essays that you can only watch on nebula the
streamy award nominated nebula try saying that
five times fast is a video streaming platform
built for and by creators like sarah Z maggie
mae fish big joel myself but not contra points and
if you want access to my hot takes that are too
spicy for youtube you get access to our streaming
service nebula when you go to curiositystream.com/lindsay
and use the code which is also my name and
you get access to several nebula original videos
that i've already made exploring topics like
tropic thunder comma all the trends it destroyed
through parody or tried to and could blazing
saddles be made today god damn it why are peoplestill asking this
excuse me while i whip this out
so thank you for watching thank you for support
and i'll see you next time and suddenly you're
overcome with an urge to do the right thing
heavens no. I've ran out of favor with the grand master
and in exchange for codes and access to a ship
i'm asking for safe passage through the anus
through the anus
through the anus why the hell is there
an alligator in here through the anus
through the anus the anus i
was a king the rightful king of
the anus through the anus i still need that
anus i've come too far for anything else
anus i am loki of asgard and i am burdened
with glorious anus anus through the anus
that's why i need to get out of
here the anus my army my anus
i have to get off this planet
Anussssss